see you and me starting with sparks
made light of a situation now i'm
lifting the dark and i can't see what my
heart is feeling cause i'm halfway
between the path of demons and your
family don't understand they won't
listen
i can't be with you because of religion
but when you love somebody and it's
meant to be mentally you can't set them
free i'm not holding my breath
my lung collapsed lost friends and i
know they ain't coming back face pain
cause i'm tired of running man
insecurities that they won't understand
and a piece i left my hair now they
phone call gold cause i come in scared
and i can't just
even i can't show fear and i'm not gonna
go i ain't dying
[Music]
please
myself
i know that time is a healer without you
i'm getting weaker and weaker
life changed when you said your goodbyes
now you're up in the sky looking deeper
and deeper
i had you to guide the way blue skies
when you're left to turn to gray
memories of the past will always stay i
just wish i could only press replays
[Music]
you